Explain what to return for requests to the base url (#227)
Materials-Consortia/OPTiMaDe: optimade.rst

- http://example.com/optimade/v0/
- http://example.com/optimade/0.9/

> Note: the OPTiMaDe standard specifies the response from a number of end points under the base URLs.

Reviewer: Should it maybe also be `This OPTiMaDe specification` instead of `The OPTiMaDe standard`?
```suggestion
Note: The OPTiMaDe standard specifies the response from a number of endpoints under the base URLs.
```

Author: I was about to dismiss the capitalization change, but after some digging it actually appears this is another American vs. British convention but this time my version is the British one. As best I can find, in American English, If the text after the colon is a complete sentence, it should be capitalized; so, alright.

However, the base URLs themselves are not considered to be a part of the API.
Hence, they are fully under the control of the API implementation.

> It is RECOMMENDED that the implementation serves a human-readable HTML document on base URLs which explain that the URL is an OPTiMaDe base URL which can be queried by an OPTiMaDe client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED that the implementation serves a human-readable HTML document on base URLs, explaining the URL is an OPTiMaDe base URL queryable by an OPTiMaDe client.
```

Author: I did not completely like your suggestion as I think the grammatical referencing of "explaining" became unclear (does "explaining" refer to the HTML document or the implementation). Here is what I ended up with:
> It is RECOMMENDED that the implementation serves a human-readable HTML document on each base URL, and this document is used to explain that the URL is an OPTiMaDe base URL meant to be queried by an OPTiMaDe client.

Reviewer: Great! You even catched the plural of URLs that shouldn't be plural, which I didn't catch. 👍
